Reporting
*process of presenting data from the Pega database.
 following efficient ways to gather application data for interpretive purposes
1)traditional :-present data as extensive list reports that provide detailed infor:-mation in columns.
2)insights( data visualization ):- present data as interactive charts

example:
A customer service manager can use reports to track the number of customer tickets opened and closed each month, as well as the average time it takes to resolve tickets.

Report categories:-distinguish reports from each other by organizing them into categories.
report category create in report browser.

i)Analyze Performance
ii)Analyze Quality
iii)Case Metrics
iv)Monitor Assignments
v)Monitor Processes
vi)Open Cases
vii)Predictive Model Monitoring
viii)Service Level Performance
ix)Step Performance

Report types:-two types of reports: summarized reports, and list reports.
i)summarized reports:- discover the number of specific events that occur in your application.
 For example, you can view the total number of days that a team required to complete a task.

it can use following built in function to display the data:-
Count
The count of rows with a non-null value in a column.
Count distinct
The count of unique values in a column.
Sum
The total number of specific data items.
Avg
The average number of specific data items.
Min
The lowest value in a column.
Max
The highest value in a column.


ii)List reports
List reports help you analyze extensive data in a clear and compact way. 
For example, you can create a list of all open cases to verify the remaining workload.

Report Browser:-
Report Browser provides access to all reports that are available to you. 
You can use this interface to search for a report about resolved cases, and open that report to asses user performance.

Report Browser features

Run reports.
Create custom reports and modify copies of the existing reports.
Edit report details.
Move reports to different categories.
Delete reports from the system.
Search, filter, and sort reports.
Share reports with others.
Schedule reports to run at a certain time, or on a recurring basis at regular intervals.

Creating a report
click dev-class-report-report definition-colums-filter-report browser.

Report structure:- creating the report definition rule 
and adding columns. 
i)Report columns:- each column corresponds to a 
single data element. 
Calculations and functions are also used.

ii)Filters:-A filter is a test applied to each record to determine whether it should be included in a 
report.
filter types:-
i)filtering condition, compare an explicit value
ii)multiple filters with AND/OR conditions in order to create a more complex filter.

Reporting datatypes:-
1)summary report:-shows the data in summary formate.
2)chart:-adding charts
3)Sort report:-table formate and Sort column values.


Report definition
i)A report definition is a type of rule in Pega that interacts with databases and 
retrieves information based on business needs.
ii)Rule instances of class Rule-Obj-Definition

data access:-
Report Definition > Data Access > General Data Access > Data retrieval.
methods for retrieving data:-
1)elasticsearch
2)database


Optimizing reports
improve report performance through a process called optimization.
To store case data, Pega writes to a BLOB field(binary large object (BLOB) field).
Pega uses the contents of a BLOB column in a table to extract data from the case when 
it’s opened.

Guardrail warnings:-Reports that use an unoptimized property display a warning that states the potential 
impact on performance.



 
 
